I sold sprays
a goalkeeper who for absolutely everything even if they throw a balonazo to 300
kilometers per hour from 5 kilometers away
no matter what the effect of the ball and the material it is made of
one of its superpowers is to be able to stop the already named shots with sum
ease
the balls go through the walls but not to Benghazi
You can also stop a shot with your super cap
only takes it by the visor and makes the ball in kg on the cap
this cap automatically stops the ball no matter at what speed it comes
must be made of some alloy with which UFOs do
a prophecy of lota kiss does not say that on the day of final judgment the duck
donald
owner of mc donald will launch a nuclear missile towards the land but sell the
stop with your cap
mark lenders
has his famous tiger shot
and the dragon's shot
the one that bursts the walls
this is why the producers of the movie the tiger and the dragon have it
defendant not by bursting walls but by the names of the shots
when he retires from football and in san set up a demolition company in
the one that lowers the buildings aims of pelotazos
but in a row it is rumored that this tala tátara tátara tátara tátara tátara
tátara tátara
tátara tátara tátara tátara grandson of goliat
It measures how about 14 meters
and it's almost impossible to make a goal
Your team is made up of 10 gigabit cocks that sit on top
from the court just to see
because with the measures of such a goalkeeper
it is impossible to make a goal or
oliver aton did it once because chuck norris was in the stands
very boring of not seeing goals
and threw him a whirling kick that made him fly to fall
in Russia
and oliver took the opportunity to make the goal
the brothers derrick
they were able to jump through the verticals of the goal and shoot
both at the time
some gymnasts have tried
with disastrous consequences
eduar ner
to what ura was detested
he started from a young age as a circus juggler
that's why you can jump from one stick to the other with ease
and saves penalties even if he makes a mistake when jumping because with a single
impulse jumps to the other stick and you're
secondary
friend of oliver and steering wheel by right
it was rumored that nobody saw them in the showers after the game ended
but only the teletubbies can tell if it was just a friendship
edited to avoid censorship
Saint Felix
others
curiosities
in international tournaments
the Japanese players talked and argued and even made jokes
with players from all over the world
it must be that soccer schools include philology and languages
foreigners in training
or that Japanese has a structure that makes it understandable to any being
human not
how to oliver aton to play with an injured leg
when a player fired a lot of force his leg came up to the
face
it will be that they also teach yoga
my physical education and sports teacher would have wanted me to be
capable of the same
it will be that oliver is a zombie of resident evil capable of resisting such
pain
oliver is gay well it seems
Oliver's sneakers got them in a contest of sexual favors to the
rebounded to gaza
with anegó gaua was a finalist
it is not worth mentioning who won
according to the physical theory of instinct and reinforced by his wine riis
oliver shoots so hard that the ball travels through time and from
universes
oliver is a fan of freddie mercury
oliver has the cen cai pauer following the guidelines of the boli dragon syndrome
every time the next chute is injured is twice as fast and powerful
Oliver and the Corioto brothers have a role that can support the
tornadoes of the twister movie
without the prisoner suffering any damage
it should be clear that oliver is one of those people who literally touch
quite the balls and which is not worth approaching a lot because you can
finish like them in japan even though I think oliver that would send up the
moon because to kick a ball that reaches the other side of like
court
oliver and benji syndrome
name because you know a set of symptoms that many series suffer from
of manga
symptom
time is relative
a fight lasts for weeks
but in reality only a few hours have passed
This is because at critical moments
as a shot with effect
the time passes more slowly
the team more patán team just giving a beating to the whole world
the laws of physics that normally govern the deformation of bodies do not
do they work
since a ball can have a shape similar to that of a UFO
they withdraw l'iran
the playing field is of quasi-deformed proportions
because it has such an extension
that when a team starts the counterattack you can not see the goal
until the area is not reached at least
also has a very graceful curvature that prevents seeing the defenders and that in
any time you can be surprised with those kicks at the height of the
front to remove the ball from your feet
his muscular abilities do not correspond with the game
they run without rest jump and
the more you push your head and chillán higher up
this was the fault of the bald headed eagles becoming extinct
because of so many collisions with the players
amazingly in each team there are one or two supernovas that could really
play alone because the rest of the team are just for the fact of making bulk
by the way any bulge of those
does not have any illusions or happiness, it is more proven that not even
they have families or problems when they finish a game they hide in jail
ascón paniagua until the next game
the ball is played with different physical capacity since said ball
technologically modified can break networks and even make
holes in the concrete
despite this the ball is still intact
except if he hits the stick
that causes the ball to be punctured without the pole shaking but when it hits
to a player the laws of collisions and forces ensure that if a ball can
do that with a concrete a player would not go through goku style
instead drag him eye not bounce
that is not the same until the goal does not matter how many are placed in the middle and in
that moment two things can happen
If it is a lump, it will logically be held to the post with all its forces together with
those that were put in the middle but inevitably entrance
if it's a supernova it will stop him at the height of the goal line and if
They swelled the balls
with such force that you will directly travel the field kilometers so
Quick
that the goalkeeper will not give him time to react and over will make a cut
I move hair
The most curious thing is that all this was done by the swarms
we have discovered that adults in the first division more than a match of
football is like a dragon battle goal
there are me
pelé transports
phase changes and suicides just for winning a match
If a statistical study is done, we can verify that there is more
probability of hitting the ball on the stick that getting the goalkeeper father
a crash
never appear any referee except to whistle outside of game
throw-ins and goals the players can already impart their legs based on
make mistakes that the referee will not say anything is more sweat what they
happen to the players
the number of players on the court is relative
since it does not matter how many players are walking
there are always more players ahead
the secondary characters are passed screaming the name of the protagonist each
five seconds